packages/use-click-outside/README.md, before:


# useClickOutside Hook

The `useClickOutside` hook is designed to detect and handle clicks outside of a specified element or set of elements. This is particularly useful for closing modal windows, dropdowns, and other components when a user interacts outside of them.

## Installation

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-click-outside
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-click-outside
```

## Usage

Here's an example of how to use the `useClickOutside` hook in a modal component:

```typescript
import React, { useRef } from 'react';
import useClickOutside from 'custom-react-hooks/use-click-outside';

const ClickOutsideComponent = ({ onClose }: { onClose: () => void }) => {
  const modalRef = useRef<HTMLDivElement>(null); // The ref for the modal
  const closeButtonRef = useRef<HTMLButtonElement>(null); // A ref for the close button

  // Call the hook with the modal ref and the close button ref as the refs to ignore
  useClickOutside(
    [modalRef], // Array of refs to detect outside click
    () => onClose(), // Callback to execute on outside click
    ['mousedown', 'touchstart'], // Events to listen for
    true, // Enable the outside click detection
    [closeButtonRef], // Refs to ignore
  );

  return (
    <div
      ref={modalRef}
      style={{ border: '1px solid black', padding: '20px' }}
    >
      {/* Modal content */}
      <p>Modal Content Here</p>
      <button
        ref={closeButtonRef}
        onClick={onClose}
      >
        Close
      </button>
    </div>
  );
};

export default ClickOutsideComponent;
```

In the above example, clicking outside the `<div>` containing the modal content will trigger the `onClose` function.

## API Reference

### Parameters

- `refs` (RefObject | RefObject[]): A ref or an array of refs to the element(s) you want to detect outside clicks on.
- `callback` (function): A callback function that will be called when a click outside the detected elements occurs.
- `events` (string[], optional): An array of event names to listen for clicks. Defaults to `['mousedown', 'touchstart']`.
- `enableDetection` (boolean, optional): A boolean to enable or disable click detection. Defaults to `true`.
- `ignoreRefs` (RefObject[], optional): An array of ref objects for elements that, when clicked, should not trigger the callback.


## Notes

- Ensure the elements referenced by `refs` are mounted when the hook is called.
- The hook must be called within a functional component body or another custom hook.

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to the development of this hook by submitting issues or pull requests to the repository.

Commit message:

[CRH-93] - Added all hooks to npm

packages/use-click-outside/README.md, after:


# useClickOutside Hook

The `useClickOutside` hook is designed to detect and handle clicks outside of a specified element or set of elements. This is particularly useful for closing modal windows, dropdowns, and other components when a user interacts outside of them.

## Installation

Choose and install individual hooks that suit your project needs, or install the entire collection for a full suite of utilities.

### Installing Only Current Hooks

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-click-outside
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-click-outside
```

### Installing All Hooks

```sh
npm install @custom-react-hooks/all
```

or

```sh
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/all
```

## Usage

Here's an example of how to use the `useClickOutside` hook in a modal component:

```typescript
import React, { useRef } from 'react';
import useClickOutside from 'custom-react-hooks/use-click-outside';

const ClickOutsideComponent = ({ onClose }: { onClose: () => void }) => {
  const modalRef = useRef<HTMLDivElement>(null); // The ref for the modal
  const closeButtonRef = useRef<HTMLButtonElement>(null); // A ref for the close button

  // Call the hook with the modal ref and the close button ref as the refs to ignore
  useClickOutside(
    [modalRef], // Array of refs to detect outside click
    () => onClose(), // Callback to execute on outside click
    ['mousedown', 'touchstart'], // Events to listen for
    true, // Enable the outside click detection
    [closeButtonRef], // Refs to ignore
  );

  return (
    <div
      ref={modalRef}
      style={{ border: '1px solid black', padding: '20px' }}
    >
      {/* Modal content */}
      <p>Modal Content Here</p>
      <button
        ref={closeButtonRef}
        onClick={onClose}
      >
        Close
      </button>
    </div>
  );
};

export default ClickOutsideComponent;
```

In the above example, clicking outside the `<div>` containing the modal content will trigger the `onClose` function.

## API Reference

### Parameters

- `refs` (RefObject | RefObject[]): A ref or an array of refs to the element(s) you want to detect outside clicks on.
- `callback` (function): A callback function that will be called when a click outside the detected elements occurs.
- `events` (string[], optional): An array of event names to listen for clicks. Defaults to `['mousedown', 'touchstart']`.
- `enableDetection` (boolean, optional): A boolean to enable or disable click detection. Defaults to `true`.
- `ignoreRefs` (RefObject[], optional): An array of ref objects for elements that, when clicked, should not trigger the callback.


## Notes

- Ensure the elements referenced by `refs` are mounted when the hook is called.
- The hook must be called within a functional component body or another custom hook.

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to the development of this hook by submitting issues or pull requests to the repository.
