packages/use-hover/README.md, before:

# useHover Hook

The `useHover` hook is a utility for detecting hover interactions in React components. It simplifies the process of tracking when a user's mouse pointer hovers over an element.

## Features

- **Hover State Management:** Tracks hover state of an element.
- **Ref-based Implementation:** Attaches event listeners using a React `ref`, ensuring compatibility with React's DOM handling.
- **Server-Side Rendering Compatibility:** Safe for use in SSR environments by avoiding direct DOM interactions unless the component is mounted in the browser.
- **Optimized Event Handling:** Uses `useCallback` to memoize event handlers for performance optimization.

## Installation

### Installing Only Current Hooks

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-hover
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-hover
```

### Installing All Hooks

```sh
npm install @custom-react-hooks/all
```

or

```sh
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/all
```

## Usage

```typescript
import { useHover } from '@custom-react-hooks/all';

function HoverComponent() {
  const { ref, isHovered } = useHover();

  return (
    <div ref={ref}>
      <h3>
        {isHovered ? 'Hovered' : 'Hover Me!'}
      </h3>
    </div>
  );
}

export default HoverComponent;
```

In this example, the `useHover` hook provides a way to determine if a particular div is being hovered.

## API Reference

### Returns
  - `ref`: A React `ref` that should be attached to the element you want to monitor for hover.
  - `isHovered`: A boolean state indicating whether the element is currently being hovered.

## Use Cases

- **UI Feedback**: Change styles or display additional information when an element is hovered.
- **Dropdown Menus**: Show dropdown menus or submenus when a user hovers over a menu item.
- **Tooltip Display**: Show tooltips on hover for buttons, links, or other UI elements.
- **Interactive Elements**: Enhance interactivity for elements like cards or images in a gallery.

## Contributing

Contributions to enhance `useHover` are welcome. Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to the repository.

Commit message:

[Feature][CRH][1.5.1] - Update hook export to named only and revise documentation

packages/use-hover/README.md, after:

# useHover Hook

The `useHover` hook is a utility for detecting hover interactions in React components. It simplifies the process of tracking when a user's mouse pointer hovers over an element.

## Features

- **Hover State Management:** Tracks hover state of an element.
- **Ref-based Implementation:** Attaches event listeners using a React `ref`, ensuring compatibility with React's DOM handling.
- **Server-Side Rendering Compatibility:** Safe for use in SSR environments by avoiding direct DOM interactions unless the component is mounted in the browser.
- **Optimized Event Handling:** Uses `useCallback` to memoize event handlers for performance optimization.

## Installation

### Installing Only Current Hooks

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-hover
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-hover
```

### Installing All Hooks

```sh
npm install @custom-react-hooks/all
```

or

```sh
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/all
```

## Importing the Hook

The `useHover` hook must be imported using a named import as shown below:

**Named Import:**
```javascript
import { useHover } from '@custom-react-hooks/use-hover';
```
This approach ensures that the hook integrates seamlessly into your project, maintaining consistency and predictability in how you use our package.


## Usage

```typescript
import { useHover } from '@custom-react-hooks/all';

function HoverComponent() {
  const { ref, isHovered } = useHover();

  return (
    <div ref={ref}>
      <h3>
        {isHovered ? 'Hovered' : 'Hover Me!'}
      </h3>
    </div>
  );
}

export default HoverComponent;
```

In this example, the `useHover` hook provides a way to determine if a particular div is being hovered.

## API Reference

### Returns
  - `ref`: A React `ref` that should be attached to the element you want to monitor for hover.
  - `isHovered`: A boolean state indicating whether the element is currently being hovered.

## Use Cases

- **UI Feedback**: Change styles or display additional information when an element is hovered.
- **Dropdown Menus**: Show dropdown menus or submenus when a user hovers over a menu item.
- **Tooltip Display**: Show tooltips on hover for buttons, links, or other UI elements.
- **Interactive Elements**: Enhance interactivity for elements like cards or images in a gallery.

## Contributing

Contributions to enhance `useHover` are welcome. Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to the repository.
