packages/use-geo-location/README.md, before:

# useGeoLocation Hook

The `useGeoLocation` hook is a powerful tool for accessing and monitoring the user's geographical location in React applications. It offers features such as continuous location watching, error handling, and customizable geolocation options.

## Features

- **Real-Time Location Tracking:** Ability to continuously watch the user's location.
- **Custom Geolocation Options:** Supports customization of geolocation queries, like timeout and accuracy.
- **Error Handling:** Robust error handling, including cases where geolocation is not supported.

## Installation

### Installing Only Current Hooks

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-geo-location
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-geo-location
```

### Installing All Hooks

```sh
npm install @custom-react-hooks/all
```

or

```sh
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/all
```

## Usage

Import and use the `useGeoLocation` hook in your React components:

```typescript
import { useGeoLocation } from '@custom-react-hooks/all';

function GeoLocationComponent() {
  const { loading, coordinates, error, isWatching } = useGeoLocation();

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>GeoLocation Component</h1>
      {loading && <p>Loading...</p>}
      {!loading && error && <p>Error: {error.message}</p>}
      {!loading && !error && coordinates && (
        <div>
          <p>Latitude: {coordinates.latitude}</p>
          <p>Longitude: {coordinates.longitude}</p>
        </div>
      )}
      <p>Watching: {isWatching ? 'Yes' : 'No'}</p>
    </div>
  );
}

export default GeoLocationComponent;
```

## API Reference

### Parameters

- `options`: Optional `PositionOptions` object to configure geolocation queries.
- `watch`: Boolean flag to continuously watch the user's location.
- `coordinates`: The current geographical position of the user.
- `error`: Error object containing details in case of a failure.
- `loading`: Boolean indicating whether the location data is being fetched.

## Use Cases

- **User Location Tracking**: Get the current location of the user for services like maps or local information.
- **Continuous Location Monitoring**: Continuously monitor user's location for real-time tracking applications.
- **Geofencing**: Implement geofencing features, triggering actions when the user enters or leaves a region.
- **Location-Based Services**: Provide services or content based on the user’s geographical location.
- **Error Handling**: Manage errors related to geolocation access, like permission denial or unavailable services.

## Contributing

Contributions to improve `useGeoLocation` are welcome. Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to enhance its functionality.

Commit message:

[Feature][CRH][1.5.1] - Update hook export to named only and revise documentation

packages/use-geo-location/README.md, after:

# useGeoLocation Hook

The `useGeoLocation` hook is a powerful tool for accessing and monitoring the user's geographical location in React applications. It offers features such as continuous location watching, error handling, and customizable geolocation options.

## Features

- **Real-Time Location Tracking:** Ability to continuously watch the user's location.
- **Custom Geolocation Options:** Supports customization of geolocation queries, like timeout and accuracy.
- **Error Handling:** Robust error handling, including cases where geolocation is not supported.

## Installation

### Installing Only Current Hooks

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-geo-location
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-geo-location
```

### Installing All Hooks

```sh
npm install @custom-react-hooks/all
```

or

```sh
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/all
```

## Importing the Hook

The `useGeoLocation` hook must be imported using a named import as shown below:

**Named Import:**
```javascript
import { useGeoLocation } from '@custom-react-hooks/use-geo-location';
```
This approach ensures that the hook integrates seamlessly into your project, maintaining consistency and predictability in how you use our package.


## Usage

Import and use the `useGeoLocation` hook in your React components:

```typescript
import { useGeoLocation } from '@custom-react-hooks/all';

function GeoLocationComponent() {
  const { loading, coordinates, error, isWatching } = useGeoLocation();

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>GeoLocation Component</h1>
      {loading && <p>Loading...</p>}
      {!loading && error && <p>Error: {error.message}</p>}
      {!loading && !error && coordinates && (
        <div>
          <p>Latitude: {coordinates.latitude}</p>
          <p>Longitude: {coordinates.longitude}</p>
        </div>
      )}
      <p>Watching: {isWatching ? 'Yes' : 'No'}</p>
    </div>
  );
}

export default GeoLocationComponent;
```

## API Reference

### Parameters

- `options`: Optional `PositionOptions` object to configure geolocation queries.
- `watch`: Boolean flag to continuously watch the user's location.
- `coordinates`: The current geographical position of the user.
- `error`: Error object containing details in case of a failure.
- `loading`: Boolean indicating whether the location data is being fetched.

## Use Cases

- **User Location Tracking**: Get the current location of the user for services like maps or local information.
- **Continuous Location Monitoring**: Continuously monitor user's location for real-time tracking applications.
- **Geofencing**: Implement geofencing features, triggering actions when the user enters or leaves a region.
- **Location-Based Services**: Provide services or content based on the user’s geographical location.
- **Error Handling**: Manage errors related to geolocation access, like permission denial or unavailable services.

## Contributing

Contributions to improve `useGeoLocation` are welcome. Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to enhance its functionality.
