packages/use-debounce/README.md, before:

# useDebounce Hook

The `useDebounce` hook is used to delay the execution of a function until a specified amount of time has passed since it was last invoked. This is useful for handling rapid user input scenarios, such as search input fields or window resizing.

## Installation

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-debounce
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-debounce
```

## Usage

Here's an example of using `useDebounce` in a search input component:

```typescript
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import useDebounce from 'custom-react-hooks/useDebounce';

const DebounceTestComponent: React.FC = () => {
  const [inputValue, setInputValue] = useState('');

  const debouncedLog = useDebounce((val: string) => {
    console.log(`Debounced value: ${val}`);
  }, 1000)[0];

  const handleChange = (e: React.ChangeEvent<HTMLInputElement>) => {
    setInputValue(e.target.value);
    debouncedLog(e.target.value);
  };

  return (
    <div>
      <input
        type="text"
        value={inputValue}
        onChange={handleChange}
      />
    </div>
  );
};

export default DebounceTestComponent;

```

In this component, the search function is debounced, which means it will only execute 500 milliseconds after the user stops typing.

## API Reference

### Parameters

- `callback` (Function): The function to debounce.
- `delay` (number): The number of milliseconds to delay.
- `options` (object, optional): Configuration options for the debounce behavior. Options include:
  - `maxWait` (number): The maximum time the function can be delayed before it's executed, regardless of subsequent calls.
  - `leading` (boolean): If `true`, the function is executed on the leading edge of the timeout.
  - `trailing` (boolean): If `true`, the function is executed on the trailing edge of the timeout.

### Returns

- `[debouncedFunction, cancelDebounce]`: 
  - `debouncedFunction` (Function): The debounced version of the provided function.
  - `cancelDebounce` (Function): A function that can be called to cancel the debounced action.

## Notes

- The `useDebounce` hook is useful for optimizing performance in scenarios where you want to limit the frequency of function execution.
- Make sure to adjust the delay based on your specific use case.

## Contributing

Your contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to improve the `useDebounce` hook.

Commit message:

[CRH-93] - Added all hooks to npm

packages/use-debounce/README.md, after:

# useDebounce Hook

The `useDebounce` hook is used to delay the execution of a function until a specified amount of time has passed since it was last invoked. This is useful for handling rapid user input scenarios, such as search input fields or window resizing.

## Installation

Choose and install individual hooks that suit your project needs, or install the entire collection for a full suite of utilities.

### Installing Only Current Hooks

```bash
npm install @custom-react-hooks/use-debounce
```

or

```bash
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/use-debounce
```

### Installing All Hooks

```sh
npm install @custom-react-hooks/all
```

or

```sh
yarn add @custom-react-hooks/all
```

## Usage

Here's an example of using `useDebounce` in a search input component:

```typescript
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import useDebounce from 'custom-react-hooks/useDebounce';

const DebounceTestComponent: React.FC = () => {
  const [inputValue, setInputValue] = useState('');

  const debouncedLog = useDebounce((val: string) => {
    console.log(`Debounced value: ${val}`);
  }, 1000)[0];

  const handleChange = (e: React.ChangeEvent<HTMLInputElement>) => {
    setInputValue(e.target.value);
    debouncedLog(e.target.value);
  };

  return (
    <div>
      <input
        type="text"
        value={inputValue}
        onChange={handleChange}
      />
    </div>
  );
};

export default DebounceTestComponent;

```

In this component, the search function is debounced, which means it will only execute 500 milliseconds after the user stops typing.

## API Reference

### Parameters

- `callback` (Function): The function to debounce.
- `delay` (number): The number of milliseconds to delay.
- `options` (object, optional): Configuration options for the debounce behavior. Options include:
  - `maxWait` (number): The maximum time the function can be delayed before it's executed, regardless of subsequent calls.
  - `leading` (boolean): If `true`, the function is executed on the leading edge of the timeout.
  - `trailing` (boolean): If `true`, the function is executed on the trailing edge of the timeout.

### Returns

- `[debouncedFunction, cancelDebounce]`: 
  - `debouncedFunction` (Function): The debounced version of the provided function.
  - `cancelDebounce` (Function): A function that can be called to cancel the debounced action.

## Notes

- The `useDebounce` hook is useful for optimizing performance in scenarios where you want to limit the frequency of function execution.
- Make sure to adjust the delay based on your specific use case.

## Contributing

Your contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to improve the `useDebounce` hook.
